## MSP aint do shit
Given a 24/7 call center of a telco. This telco distinguishes two types of customers: corporate users and consumers. The telco makes more money out of corporate users, hence provides them with more service, but cannot disregard consumers, since that might hurt its reputation.

It has two types of Customer Service Agents (CSA): CSA corporate and CSA consumer. CSA corporate can handle corporate customers and consumers. But CSA consumers can only handle consumers. However, the total costs of a single CSA corporate is €60 per hour and the costs of a single CSA consumer is €35 per hour.

The arrival rate of calls from consumers follows a nonstationary Poisson process that is a sinusoid with an average rate of 2 per minute, a period of 24 hours and the lowest point of the rate occurs at 3 am with a rate of 0.2 per minute. The service time of consumers follows a truncated normal distribution with an average time of 1.2 minutes and a standard deviation of 35 seconds, but calls are never shorter than 25 seconds

The arrival rate of calls from corporate customers also follows a Poisson process and between 8 am and 6 pm this is with rate 1 per minute. Between 6 pm and 10 pm this is with rate 0.4 per minute and between 10 pm and 8 am this is with rate 0.1 per minute. The service time of corporate clients follows a truncated normal distribution with an average time of 3.6 minutes and a standard deviation of 1.2 minutes, but calls are never shorter than 45 seconds.

CSA always work in three shifts (6am – 2pm, 2pm – 10pm, 10pm – 6am). The call center obviously wants to keep the costs as low as possible. However, it needs to have some performance guarantees: 90% of the consumers should be assisted within 5 minutes; 95% within 10 minutes. For corporate clients, 95% should be assisted within 3 minutes; 99% within 7 minutes.

The decisions that the management must make is: what the roster of the call agents should be; i.e. how many call agents per type for each shift and decide on whether CSA corporate should take over for consumers if they are idle or not; or have a mixed strategy where a number kc of CSA corporate are kept idle to handle incoming corporate calls, but if the number of CSA corporate exceeds kc, then the ones exceeding that can help out consumers.

Your task is to come up with at least three strategies, where a strategy is a roster plus a policy for CSA corporates to help out consumers (or not to). At least one of the strategies has an alternative approach for the latter. Implement this setting and strategies in Java, using the engine provided and modifying it where necessary. The simulations must be run in this framework. If you like (and this is also recommended) you can do the data analysis in Matlab (but you can also do it in Java, but then you’ll have to do a lot by hand). No, you may not do it in anything else. The output measures of interest are the average waiting time of both types of customers, the percentage of customers exceeding the performance bounds, the average number of customers in the system and the costs. Provide for these measures a 95% t-confidence interval, where you check whether the assumptions for it are satisfied. Ensure that you can do proper statistics when comparing the various scenarios and choose the best one on one of the output measures of your choice.